good. segment at
End of each line What Lai Jia Xu has done, I am sorting it out
Jia Xu made a mistake and just discovered this side of the president.
I collect people out of love,
Unexpectedly, he said to Dahuang himself,
Rhubarb said from his own body,
You said it, Allen thought of the title of the play,
This is just one,
I see,
Such a tragic plan,
Throw yourself into my royal face,
But, do you have something to say? It's too urgent,
Is it feasible for us to do that?
Don’t you believe this?
Then why don't you tell me to hire a big prince?
So hired
how to make people believe
This is definitely a family seat
It comes from your hand. Stop watching.
This was the housework line back then
Does it count as average care?
Why else would it be just these two sentences?
You are super allowed to send people's works with the name of the medicine
Xi Jingshangshang
What's the crime?
In fact, there is no need to use this non-capitalist approach
I can’t finish watching you
The front of this play
Listen to the weapons, but later it didn’t seem like you were hiding something.
If you have ever experienced the ups and downs in your life,
It is really possible for a prince to write such an opinion
When you were young, you were well-off and sheltered, but you had nothing to lose
between sadness
Wang Er, you may still have something to say.
Father, the eldest prince copied other people’s works
After all, my royal words
A man rises from his father's position and separates his prince's military committee
Also call it the name of a place of residence